sysbuild: nrf70: Use PM for external flash store (#20042)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/device_guides/nrf70/fw_patches_ext_flash.rst

1. The firmware patch is loaded from the external memory onto internal RAM.
#. The firmware patch is uploaded to the nRF70 device.

> This feature can be enabled using the :ref:`app_build_snippets` feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable this feature using the :ref:`app_build_snippets` feature.
```

.. note::

>    Storing the nRF70 firmware patches in external RAM feature requires the partition manager to be enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Storing the nRF70 firmware patches in external RAM memory requires the partition manager to be enabled.
```
Partition Manager?

>    Storing the nRF70 firmware patches in external RAM  feature requires the partition manager to be enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Storing the nRF70 firmware patches in external RAM feature requires the partition manager to be enabled.
```

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_WIFI_FW_FLASH_CHUNK_SIZE` - Defines the size of the chunks used to read the firmware patches from the external non-XIP memory.
  The default value is 8192 bytes.

> The external memory partition name must be defined in the partition manager configuration file as follows:

Reviewer 2: Is it duplicated in line 97 which is mentioning the same thing?

Author: not quite, 97 says that the partition must be defined in the partition manager file, I will move the note before that.

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_WIFI_FW_FLASH_CHUNK_SIZE` - Defines the size of the chunks used to read the firmware patches from the external non-XIP memory.
  The default value is 8192 bytes.

> The external memory partition name must be defined in the partition manager configuration file as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must define the external memory partition name in the partition manager configuration file as follows:
```

Reviewer: Not quite sure whether we need to write Partition Manager with initial capitals. We have that in quite a few places. @richabp, opinions?

> You must define the external memory partition name must be defined in the Partition Manager configuration file as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must define the external memory partition name in the Partition Manager configuration file as follows:
```

        device: MX25R64
        region: external_flash

.. note::

>    This feature requires the partition manager to be enabled.

Reviewer 2: I think we can mention the feature instead of "This feature"?

Author: Yes, but `note` highlights the importance.

Building
--------

See :ref:`nrf7002dk_nrf5340` for general instructions on building.

> Additionally, you can build the sample either with the ``nrf70-fw-patch-ext-flash`` snippet and set ``SB_CONFIG_WIFI_PATCHES_EXT_FLASH_STORE=y``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally, you can build the sample with the ``nrf70-fw-patch-ext-flash`` snippet and set ``SB_CONFIG_WIFI_PATCHES_EXT_FLASH_STORE=y`` Kconfig option.
```
